Q01B What is your job title?: Chief Information Officer (CIO)
Q5Y Would you classify your organisation as ... ?
Q4 Including yourself, how many [employees/employees, volunteers and trustees] work for your organisation across the UK as a whole?
Q4/Q5 Which of these best represents the number of [employees/employees, volunteers and trustees] working for your organisation across the UK as a whole?
Q19 And in the financial year just gone, how much was your total IT expenditure?
Q05D Which one of the following best describes the main area that your charity works in?
Q7 To what extent, if at all, are online services a core part of the [goods or/charitable] services your organisation provides? Is it ...
Q09D Since the COVID-19 lockdown in March, has cyber security become a higher priority, a lower priority or has there been no change in its
Q9_1 How high or low a priority is cyber security to your organisation's [directors/trustees] or senior management?
Q09_2 How high or low a priority is cyber security to your organisation's [customers or clients/beneficiaries or service users]
Q09_3 How high or low a priority is cyber security to your organisation's donors?
Q9C Which of the following best represents your organisation when it comes to outsourcing cyber security?
Q10A Agree/disagree: The people dealing with cyber security in our organisation have the right cyber security skills and knowledge to do this job effectively
Q12 In the financial year just gone, approximately how much, if anything, did you invest in cyber security? Would you like to answer?
Q14S Was it approximately ... ? (small organisations)
Q14M Was it approximately ... ? (medium organisations)
Q14L Was it approximately ... ? (large organisations)
Q16 Was it approximately ... ?
Q18 Was it approximately ...?
Q20S Was it approximately ... ? (small organisations)
Q20M Was it approximately ... ? (medium organisations)
Q20L Was it approximately ... ? (large organisations)
Q21 What are the main reasons that your organisation invests in cyber security?: Business continuity/keeping the organisation running
Q23X Which of the following best describes your situation? (insurance)
Q23B Have you ever made any insurance claims for cyber security breaches under this insurance before?
Q23Y Insurance against lost data: Which of the following, if any, are provided under this insurance policy, as far as you know?
Q23C As far as you know what are the reasons why your organisation has not taken out a specific cyber security insurance policy?: Advised against it
Q26 Over the last 12 months, have you or anyone from your organisation done any of the following, or not?: Attended seminars or conferences on cyber security
Q26B Who in your organisation attended any of the training, seminars or conferences over the last 12 months?: [Directors/trustees] or senior management
Q11 Approximately how often, if at all, are your organisation's [directors/ trustees/ governors] or senior management given an update on any actions taken aroun
Q24 In the last 12 months, from where, if anywhere, have you sought information, advice or guidance on the cyber security threats that your organisation faces?: Auditors/accountants
Q24C And have you heard of or seen the Cyber Aware campaign, or not?
Q24D Which, if any, of the following have you heard of?: The Cyber Essentials scheme
Q24E What, if anything, have you changed or implemented at your organisation after seeing or hearing any government campaigns or guidance on cyber security?: Increased spending
Q29 Which of the following governance or risk management arrangements, if any, do you have in place?: Board members/ trustees/ a governor  or senior manager with responsibility for cyber security
Q29A Which of the following standards or accreditations, if any, does your organisation adhere to?: ISO 27001
Q30A Were any cyber security audits carried out internally by staff, by an external contractor, or both?
Q31 And which of the following rules or controls, if any, do you have in place?: A policy to apply software security updates within 14 days
Q32 Which of the following aspects, if any, are covered within your cyber security-related policy, or policies?: What can be stored on removable devices (e.g. USB sticks)
Q33A When were any of your policies or documentation for cyber security last created, updated, or reviewed to make sure they were up-to-date?
Q33B In the last 12 months, have you carried out any cyber security training or awareness raising sessions specifically
Q33D Does your organisation have a formal cyber security strategy, i.e. a document that underpins all your policies and processes?
Q33E In the last 12 months, has this strategy been reviewed by your organisation's [directors/trustees/governors] or senior management?
Q33F Has your cyber security strategy been reviewed by any third parties, such IT or cyber security consultants, or external auditors at any point?
Q33G Was this a review of your cyber security strategy specifically, or a wider review of your organisation's practices?
Q33H Firstly, did your organisation publish an annual report in the last 12 months?
Q33I Did your latest annual report cover any cyber security risks faced by your organisation?
Q29B You said that you do not have any of the governance or risk management arrangements that I mentioned in place. What are the reasons for not having these?: Can't recruit right staff/skills
Q33 Are cyber security risks for your organisation documented in any of the following, or not?: In Directorate or Departmental risk registers
Q33C Have you created or adapted any cyber security policies, training, or technical controls specifically in response to COVID-19?
Q34 Are you aware of the International Standard for Information Security Management (ISO 27001), or not?
Q35 Has your organisation implemented the International Standard for Information Security Management (ISO 27001), or not?
Q36 Are you aware of the government's 10 Steps to Cyber Security guidance, or not?
Q37 And are you aware of the government-backed Cyber Essentials scheme, or not?
Q38 Has your organisation done any of the following, or not?
Q44 Do you currently require your suppliers to have or adhere to any cyber security standards or good practice guides, or not?
Q45 Which of the following, if any, do you require your suppliers to have or adhere to?: A recognised standard such as ISO 27001
Q46 Does your organisation currently use any externally-hosted web services, to host your website or corporate email accounts, or storing/transferring data?
Q56 And approximately, how many breaches or attacks have you experienced in total  across the last 12 months?
Q45B The potential cyber security risks presented by your immediate suppliers: Has your organisation carried out any work to formally review the following?
Q45D Which of the following have made it difficult for your organisation to manage any cyber security risks from your supply chain or partners: Lack of time or money to dedicate to this
Q53A Have any of the following happened to your organisation in the last 12 months, or not?: Computers becoming infected with ransomware
Q54 Approximately, how often in the last 12 months did you experience any of the cyber security breaches or attacks you mentioned?
Q56A Thinking of all the cyber security breaches or attacks experienced in the last 12 months, which, if any, of the following happened as a result?: Software or systems were corrupted or damaged
Q57 And have any of these breaches or attacks impacted your organisation in any of the following ways, or not?: Stopped staff from carrying out their day-to-day work
Q57A Which kinds of breaches or attacks caused what you have just mentioned to happen?: Computers becoming infected with ransomware
Q65 Thinking about your most disruptive breach or attack, how was this identified?: By accident
Q66 As far as you know, how long was it, if any time at all, between this breach or attack occurring and it being identified as a breach?
Q67 As far as you know, what factors contributed to this breach or attack occurring?: Antivirus/other software out-of-date/unreliable/not updated
Q68 As far as you know, who or what was the source of the breach or attack?: 3rd party supplier(s)
Q69 As far as you know, was the breach or attack intentional or accidental?
Q70 Was there a contingency plan in place to deal with this type of breach or attack, or not?
Q72/Q73 How many days of staff time, if any, were needed to deal with the breach or attack?
Q75B Approximately how much, if anything, do you think the direct results of this single most disruptive breach or attack have cost your organisation financially? (small organisations)
Q75D Approximately how much, if anything, do you think the recovery from this single most disruptive breach or attack has cost your organisation financially? (small organisations)
Q75F Approximately how much, if anything, do you think the long-term effects from this single most disruptive breach or attack will end up costing your organisation financially? (small organisations)
Q75G Were your organisation's [directors/ trustees/ governors] or senior management made aware of this breach, or not?
Q63 Do you have any formal cyber security incident management processes, or not?
Q63A Which of the following, if any, do you have in place, for when you experience a cyber security incident?: Written guidance on who to notify
Q63B Keep an internal record of incidents
Q63C In the case of ransomware attacks, does your organisation make it a rule or policy to not pay ransomware payments?
Q80 We can email you a copy of the findings, as well as a helpcard with links to Government guidance on cyber security.: Yes - copy of the findings
Q64A What kind of breach was this?: Computers becoming infected with ransomware
Q71 How long, if any time at all, did it take to restore business operations back to normal after the breach or attack was identified?
Q76 Was this breach or attack reported to anyone outside your organisation, or not?
Q77 Who was this breach or attack reported to?: Action Fraud
Q78 What, if anything, have you done since this breach or attack to prevent or protect your organisation from further breaches like this?: Additional staff training/ communications
Q78X Before this interview, had you heard that organisations can be fined by the Information Commissioner's Office for cyber security breaches involving persona
Q78Y Before this interview, had you heard that organisations need to report cyber security breaches involving personal data
Q78C A new data protection law called the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, came into effect in May 2018.
Q78D Has your organisation made any changes or not to the way you operate in response to GDPR?
Q78E Have any of these changes been related to your cyber security policies or processes, or not?
Q78F What changes have you made related to your cyber security policies or processes?: Additional staff training/communications
